Rootstocks just returned HTML and don't require any parameters or any extra work, you can simplify
them, for example, those two.
The root class has another static method called view.
It's only job is to render the template you specify as its second parameter.
Under the you are right, you give us the first parameter.
There it is.
Now, this is exactly equivalent of what we have defined in here.
Four simple pages like our home and contact pages, that's a good choice.
So let's refactor those two routes into the simpler ones.
So we now already have the one for the home route.
And now let's also do the one for the home contact route.
Let's provide proper uteri and also add the names.
So first one to the home, second to the contact page.
Now, let's comment about those two roots.
Save the changes and let's switch over to Chrome to make sure those pages still work.
So first, the home page appears to work and the contact page, it all works.
So it's recommended to simplify your roots as much as possible.
If you don't have any extra parameters and don't do any extra work, then just use the route view,
static method to render them.